The Joe Rogan experience.
Does a big issue with, uh, perceptions of people who don't hunt. Right?
Non-hunters perceptions are a lot of times based on grip and grins.
There are a lot of times based on maybe you were flipping through the channels
and you'd get on the outdoor channel.
Some guy shoots a big buck and they're hooting and hollering and high-fiving
each other. And people find it distasteful. They,
they see it and they don't understand why everyone's so excited and so happy i
t's because they don't see how difficult it is to get to that position.
How much anxiety is involved in shot placement and
squeezing the trigger, or make sure you don't flinch. And it's,
it's hard like any kind of hunting and taking an animal's life is very
difficult. So when you see that, that success celebration,
people think it's like a celebration of, of death, of killing, right?
But it's a celebration of success and of overcoming anxiety and nervousness and,
and the, the, the fear of failure and this, the moment itself,
which is so enormous,
the moment when you're squeezing a trigger or drawn back a bow on an animal,
it's a heavy moment. And there's so much, so much going on in the mind,
somewhat, so much anxiety that you have to battle.
Well, and I think too, that it's, it's a snippet of time.
That's taken completely out of context and you don't see the
lifestyle potentially that the,
and there's all gradients in scale inside of hunters. You know, some,
some people that truly is a lifestyle they've dedicated their life to it.
Others, you know, do it less time, whatever.
But like when I see a Griffin grand photo,
I see a lifestyle,
I see somebody that's probably dedicated a big part of their life.
That's not even connected directly to hunting that has
informed their ability to be efficient hunters.
That's kind of what the stories that I'm telling. And even in the future,
some of the stuff I'm planning in the future,
what I'm trying to tell the story of is,
is people who live their lives close to the land and the other things that
happen. So you always hear some flavor of hunting.
And most of my podcasts now, many of them are not about hunting at all,
but you'll, you'll see a small window, but you'll see this life. For instance,
there's a podcast that's coming out soon in, in a interview,
this old guy that really is a legendary hunter.
I'm not going to tell you where he's from.
I don't want to forecast what the podcast is about, but he,
the whole podcast is about his life. Very little of it's about hunting,
but it puts it in context. And it goes, nah, that's not just a, oh,
hillbilly out shooting stuff.
This guy has dedicated his life to this.
This is a very thoughtful process. This, this guy, not, not just his life,
his dad's life and his dad's life before him was dedicated. I mean,
these guys made a decision. This is going to be a big part of our life boys.
We're going to be hunters and it affected their careers.
It affected their families. It affected how many kids, they, I mean, you know,
just like the implications of choosing a lifestyle is so big.
And that's what I think is so profound about hunting.
And that's what I'm interested in is because I love to hunt.
Like I cannot erase that for me. Like, I do love to hunt,
but I am very interested in where like how hunting has
actually affected my life, how it impacts the character of my children,
how it impacts the, the, the sanctity of my marriage.
Yeah. I mean, I, um, I'm kinda going out there, but I'm being serious.
Like I think that what we choose to dedicate our life,
to has the opportunity to make us better and impact our character.
And it's just a big story, man.
It's a big story in a grip and grand doesn't tell that story,
but it's so hard because it's hard to tell me, clay,
don't post a picture of yourself with a dead deer and you smiling, right?
And it's like, bro,
you want me to accommodate my entire life for you?
I will do that. Like I spend much of my life doing that,
trying to interpret for people hunting,
but we're kind of asking for some, for some empathy too,
from the other side in, in the,
and we've got to do a better job at telling our story.
I think there's that.
And there's also that we're connected to what you would call what the general
population would call trophy hunters. It's like that. And that's there in lies.
The rub with bears is that many people don't understand that bears
are food and that it's not just food. It's actually a delicious food.
And from a conservation standpoint,
it's actually important to control the population.
But when you see someone posing with an animal,
unfortunately it will go to like elephants or giraffes or
some, some unpleasant animal, a lion,
or you see someone posing with a line.
And then you think about some canned hunt in Africa where some obese man is
standing there with a, with a rifle over this majestic animal.
And it's very distasteful and it infuriates people.
And rightly so because the image they're getting out of that as some cruel
sociopath, who's just trying to check off boxes, right?
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify,
watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the Gerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan.